Docs: Update image rendering (#21650)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/image_rendering.md

```bash
export GF_RENDERER_PLUGIN_CHROME_BIN="/usr/bin/chromium-browser"
```

> ### Grafana image renderer plugin and certificate signed by internal CAs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Grafana image renderer plugin and certificate signed by internal CA's
```

Author: Hi @marefr, I just pushed a commit as you suggested. Generelly however I ask myself whether it really is a good idea to spell-check code blocks - If that policy has been in place all the time, how did the 'eror' in the log message pass it?

Regarding the second one - I'm not an authority about spelling of English abbreviations, but generally "CA's" would be genitive, while I interpret "CAs" as plural, which is what is meant. Probably the correct abbreviation should be CA ... so I pushed another one that avoids the issue entirely.

> If you are using the Grafana image renderer with a Grafana server that uses a certificate signed by a custom CA (e.g. a company-internal CA) that is not known to the nss trust store shipped with headless chrome, rendering images will fail and you will see messages like this in the Grafana log:

Reviewer 2: What does CA stand for? Please define it in the first use. same quession for "nss."

Reviewer: From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_authority:
> In cryptography, a certificate authority or certification authority (CA) is an entity that issues digital certificates

```suggestion
If you are using the Grafana image renderer with a Grafana server that uses a certificate signed by a custom certificate authority (CA), e.g. a company-internal CA, that is not known to the nss trust store shipped with headless chrome, rendering images will fail and you will see messages like this in the Grafana log:
```

> If you are using the Grafana image renderer with a Grafana server that uses a certificate signed by a custom CA (e.g. a company-internal CA) that is not known to the nss trust store shipped with headless chrome, rendering images will fail and you will see messages like this in the Grafana log:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the Grafana image renderer with a Grafana server that uses a certificate signed by a custom CA (for example, a company-internal CA) that is not known to the nss trust store shipped with headless Chrome, rendering images will fail. You will see messages like this in the Grafana log:
```

Reviewer 2: As a best practice, try to keep sentence length to 25 words or less. This enhances readability.

If you are using the Grafana image renderer with a Grafana server that uses a certificate signed by such a custom CA (for example a company-internal CA), rendering images will fail and you will see messages like this in the Grafana log:

> ```t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=eror msg="Render request failed" logger=rendering error=map[] url="https://192.168.106.101:3443/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m&from=1575438321300&to=1575459921300&var-Host=master1&panelId=4&width=1000&height=500&tz=Europe%2FBerlin&render=1" timestamp=0001-01-01T00:00:00.000Z

Reviewer: Get some code spell errors in CI on `eror`, maybe try move this into its own line in the code block.

````suggestion
```
t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=eror msg="Render request failed" logger=rendering error=map[] url="https://192.168.106.101:3443/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m&from=1575438321300&to=1575459921300&var-Host=master1&panelId=4&width=1000&height=500&tz=Europe%2FBerlin&render=1" timestamp=0001-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
````

If that doesn't work we may have to update code spell dictionary in CI?

```

> In this case you will have to add the certificate to the trust store. If you have the certificate file for the internal root CA in the file `internal-root-ca.crt.pem`, use these commands to create a user specific NSS trust store for the Grafana user (`grafana` for the purpose of this example) and execute the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this happens, then you have to add the certificate to the trust store. If you have the certificate file for the internal root CA in the file `internal-root-ca.crt.pem`, then use these commands to create a user specific NSS trust store for the Grafana user (`grafana` for the purpose of this example) and execute the following steps:
```

```[root@server ~]# [ -d /usr/share/grafana/.pki/nssdb ] || mkdir -p /usr/share/grafana/.pki/nssdb
[root@merver ~]# certutil -d sql:/usr/share/grafana/.pki/nssdb -A -n internal-root-ca -t C -i /etc/pki/tls/certs/internal-root-ca.crt.pem
[root@server ~]# chown -R grafana: /usr/share/grafana/.pki/nssdb
```

> The same procedure should be usable for self-signed certificates. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the same procedure for self-signed certificates. 
```

Reviewer 2: Why not put this statement in the paragraph at the beginning of this section? Does this mean that the procedure can be used for all certificates? If so, we should say that. It is confusing to split the scope of this fix into two parts, one at the beginning and one at the end.

Author: @oddlittlebird: Thanks for your suggestions, I just pushed an update. 

Regarding your last remark I came to the conclusion that I better leave that part out entirely:

- I have not tested it with self-signed certificates, so I cannot tell for sure if it works
- It may or may not be a bad idea to set the 'T' bit in the NSS trust store for a self-signed certificate (I'm not that deep into NSS that I can fully judge the consequences - it **should** not do any harm but I'd rather err on the safe side
- Hardly anyone uses self-signed certificates (call me an optimist)

```bash
export GF_RENDERER_PLUGIN_CHROME_BIN="/usr/bin/chromium-browser"
```

### Grafana image renderer plugin and certificate signed by internal certificate authorities

In many cases Grafana will run on internal servers and use certificates that have not been signed by a CA ([Certificate Authority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_authority)) that is known to Chrome and therefore cannot be validated. Chrome internally uses NSS ([Network Security Services](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_Security_Services)) for cryptogtraphic operations such as the validation of certificates.

If you are using the Grafana image renderer with a Grafana server that uses a certificate signed by such a custom CA (for example a company-internal CA), rendering images will fail and you will see messages like this in the Grafana log:

```

> t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=eror msg="Render request failed" logger=rendering error=map[] url="https://192.168.106.101:3443/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m&from=1575438321300&to=1575459921300&var-Host=master1&panelId=4&width=1000&height=500&tz=Europe%2FBerlin&render=1" timestamp=0001-01-01T00:00:00.000Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=error msg="Render request failed" logger=rendering error=map[] url="https://192.168.106.101:3443/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m&from=1575438321300&to=1575459921300&var-Host=master1&panelId=4&width=1000&height=500&tz=Europe%2FBerlin&render=1" timestamp=0001-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
```

> t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=eror msg="Rendering failed." logger=context userId=1 orgId=1 uname=admin error="Rendering failed: Error: net::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID at https://192.168.106.101:3443/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m&from=1575438321300&to=1575459921300&var-Host=master1&panelId=4&width=1000&height=500&tz=Europe%2FBerlin&render=1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=error msg="Rendering failed." logger=context userId=1 orgId=1 uname=admin error="Rendering failed: Error: net::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID at https://192.168.106.101:3443/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m&from=1575438321300&to=1575459921300&var-Host=master1&panelId=4&width=1000&height=500&tz=Europe%2FBerlin&render=1"
```

> t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=eror msg="Request Completed" logger=context userId=1 orgId=1 uname=admin method=GET path=/render/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics status=500 remote_addr=192.168.106.101 time_ms=310 size=1722 referer="https://grafana.xxx-xxx/d/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
t=2019-12-04T12:39:22+0000 lvl=error msg="Request Completed" logger=context userId=1 orgId=1 uname=admin method=GET path=/render/d-solo/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics status=500 remote_addr=192.168.106.101 time_ms=310 size=1722 referer="https://grafana.xxx-xxx/d/zxDJxNaZk/graphite-metrics?orgId=1&refresh=1m"
```
